.\"                              hey, Emacs:   -*- nroff -*-
.\" avram is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.TH FUN 1 "March 31, 2010"
.\" Please update the above date whenever this man page is modified.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins (default)
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
fun \- compiler for the Ursala programming language
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBfun\fP [file[.fun|.avm] | --option]*
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBfun\fP is the name of the compiler for a programming language
called Ursala. The compiler takes a high level description of
a program and converts it into a shell script containing
code executable by \fBAvram\fP, the virtual machine emulator,
which is documented separately.
.SH USAGE
For complete documentation, refer to the reference manual
packaged with the Ursala distribution. It is available on the
Ursala home page at http://www.basis.uklinux.net/ursala.
For brief reminders about usage, invoke the compiler as

.nf
\fBfun\fP --help [topic]
.fi

with an optional topic of

.BR options
.br
.BR directives
.br
.BR types
.br
.BR pointers
.br
.BR suffixes
.br
.BR prefix
.br
.BR postfix
.br
.BR infix
.br
.BR solo
.br
.BR libraries
.br
.BR outfix
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR avram (1),
.SH AUTHOR
Dennis Furey <ursala-support@basis.uklinux.net>.
